Add/GitHub action (#2)
con/tributors: README.md

you might find it easiest to interact with the tool via a GitHub action.
You can see examples in the [examples](examples) folder.

### Inputs

| name | description | required | default |
|------|-------------|----------|---------|
| zenodo_file | .zenodo.json to update. If does not exist, must define zenodo_doi | false | .zenodo.json | 
| zenodo_doi | Zenodo DOI needed for init. Leave unset to skip init. | false | unset | 
| log_level | Log level to use, one of INFO, DEBUG, CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, FATAL (default INFO) | false | INFO | 
| threshold | the minimum number of contributions required to add a user | false | 1 | 
| force | if files exist, force overwrit | false | false |
| ctype |Contribution type, which defaults to "code" if not set. | false | code |
| skip_generate | skip running all-contributors generate | false | false |

If you aren't familiar with all-contributors, you'll need to add some
[commenting in your repository README](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/cli/usage)
so the client knows where to write.

## Docker Usage

If you don't want to use the GitHub Action but want to interact with the tool

> in a container, you can do that too! 

Reviewer: well -- I thought that a regular CLI tool which could be uploaded to pypi or packaged in other distributions, would be the way to use it (at minimum, unless the bot would come about, although github action could indeed be of help too)

Author: It could be. In fact this is my preference too. But since we have this super annoying npm / yarn install, for a lot of users jumping into a container will be far easier.

```

If you don't have an `.all-contributorsrc` in your present working directory (the
root of the repository) you can use [a2z.py](a2z.py) to generate an empty one. You
can either provide the repository name directly:

```bash
$ a2z init singularityhub/sregistry
INFO:a2z:Generating .all-contributorsrc
```

or export it to the environment as `GITHUB_REPOSITORY` (this is how it would be discovered
during a GitHub workflow run).

```bash
export GITHUB_REPOSITORY=singularityhub/sregistry
$ a2z init
INFO:a2z:Generating .all-contributorsrc
```
In both cases, you'll generate an empty file:

```bash
$ cat .all-contributorsrc 
{
    "projectName": "sregistry",
    "projectOwner": "singularityhub",
    "repoType": "github",
    "repoHost": "https://github.com",
    "files": [
        "README.md"
    ],
    "imageSize": 100,
    "commit": true,
    "commitConvention": "none",
    "contributors": [],
    "contributorsPerLine": 7
}
```

### 2. Generate .zenodo.json

If you want to generate a fresh Zenodo.json, you can do that as follows:

```bash
$ a2z init --zenodo 10.5281/zenodo.1012531 singularityhub/sregistry
```

While the GitHub repository is sometimes found as a related identifier,

> this isn't always the case, so you should again provide it on the command

Reviewer: always? but if it is associated with a github repo?  moreover `.all-contributorsrc` already contains that information too in e.g.
```
  "projectName": "ohbm2020-posters",
  "projectOwner": "datalad-datasets",
  "repoType": "github",
  "repoHost": "https://github.com",
```

Author: I think you are mixing up zenodo and all contributors - the statement above is referencing Zenodo. And all contributors should not be a dependency for running Zenodo alone. However, if you look at the code, you'll notice for running `general all` we _do_ take advantage of that metadata to derive the repo and don't require it for zenodo. The point above is saying "If you run this just for zenodo you should provide the repo because it's not 100% guaranteed to be served with zenodo metadata"

line or exported to `GITHUB_REPOSITORY`. By default, we parse contributors
from the GitHub API, and include the creators already defined in Zenodo.
You will need this `.zenodo.json` file to exist in order to update it.

### 3. Update contributors

We next want to use the GitHub api to discover contributors to the repository,

> for either both the `.all-contributorsrc` and the `.zenodo.json`, or just one of the two.

Reviewer: Might not be needed if those are collected... but indeed could be of help to add contributors retroactively in existing repos!  But IMHO it should probably be an interactive interface (may be if `-i` cmdline option is given?) which would ask
- either to add that contributor to contributors (typically -- YES for all, but in some cases like in ohbm2020-posters we decided to not add people who merely provided urls to their posters)
- for what "allcontributors" categories (that is where their CLI is suboptimal btw since IIRC it doesn't even list choices).

Author: I can definitely see an interactive version.

#### Update all

If you want to update both the allcontributors file and the zenodo.json, you
can kill two birds with one stone (and essentially cache the GitHub API request)
and do the following:

```bash
$ a2z update all
```

Note that for the update, we query the GitHub API to update both the zenodo.json
and contributors file.

#### Update allcontributors

Since we already have the contributors file we don't need to provide the repository name again, however it's suggested that you export a `GITHUB_TOKEN` to increase your API limits (if necessary).

```bash
$ a2z update allcontrib
```

> You can optionally set a minimum number of contributors threshold to add (defaults to 1), or

Reviewer: did you mean
```suggestion
You can optionally set a minimum number of commits threshold to add a contributor (defaults to 1), or
```
?

Author: It's technically a field called "Contributions" that is returned for each person, so this is stated correctly.

Reviewer: Should it then be
```suggestion
You can optionally set a minimum number of contributions threshold to add a contributor (defaults to 1), or
```
or what am I missing?

Author: yep that's correct.

> a string to represent the kind of contribution (defaults to "core")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a string to represent the kind of contribution (defaults to "code")
```

```bash

> $ a2z update --thresh 10 --ctype docs

Reviewer: So, would it add everyone it finds committed anything (but more than 10 commits) anywhere to `docs`?  I do not quite grasp the use case here.

Author: If you look at a repository like Spack, there are hundreds of contributors. They might want to set a threshold of contributions to get some top percentage. It's not perfect, because like you said commits don't always equate to quality, but for a repo that does squash and merge or similar, it would actually be reasonable.

Reviewer: AAAH -- that is what it means! But then in https://github.com/con/allcontributors-zenodo/pull/2#discussion_r447136304 it should be "maximum" not minimum?... but I would not like projects which would start using this feature and slowly displace older contributors with new ones ;-)  but I guess it might make sense in some opinionated projects cases

```

Note that GitHub bots are not included as contributors, and they are indicated with
"[bot]" in the name. If you find that you hit the API limit, then you will see this:

```bash
$ a2z update allcontrib
INFO:a2z:Updating .all-contributorsrc
Response 403: rate limit exceeded, cannot retrieve user RonaldEnsing.
```
And should export a `GITHUB_TOKEN` to increase it.

#### Update zenodo.json

> For the zenodo update alone, since we don't read a repository from the .all-contributors file,

Reviewer: but why don't we?  it is after all "allcontributors2zenodo" ;)

Author: Because that's a dependency that I don't want to add.

Reviewer: but if I do have `.all-contributorsrc` already -- why it should not be used???  that was the original goal
